Initial commit… Let’s hope this doesn’t break anything
Fixes all known bugs… (fingers crossed)
Wrote some code. It works? I think.
Everything works fine on my machine
Added coffee machine code
This should definitely work now... right?
Reverted to the old version. Let's pretend this never happened
Deleted all the code because I needed the space
Fixed a bug that I didn’t know existed
Created an infinite loop. Sorry about that.
Refactored the whole thing. It’s still terrible.
I have no idea what I’m doing
Spaghetti code with extra cheese
Made some minor changes. It still breaks everything.
Don’t touch anything. I’m warning you
Fixed the bug. Created 10 new ones.
Added a new feature... Maybe?
I swear I tested this
I promise this is the last commit
Code works if you don’t look at it too hard
Fixed issue where the app was too fast
Improved the UI. Hopefully.
Attempted to fix the bug. It got worse.
Everything works after sacrificing a goat
Deleted all evidence of the previous disaster
Accidentally committed a potato
Just trying to get something working
Fixed an issue that no one cares about
Let’s see if this breaks anything… it probably will
Why is this working?
Refactored for the sake of refactoring
Made the code slightly better, but probably not
Fixed a bug that wasn’t a bug. Oops.
Code smells like success... maybe
Turned the app into a potato
Made some minor optimizations (I think)
Wrote code, went to lunch, came back to a mess
Fixed typo that caused the world to implode
The bug is now a feature
Still doesn’t work, but looks pretty
Added a timeout. Maybe it’ll time out forever.
Please work, please work, please work
Temporarily fixed it until I can fix it for real
Had a coffee, now the code works
Made the code prettier, still doesn’t work
Removed all the magic. It’s just code now.
The code’s a mess, but it’s our mess
Please stop asking me why it works
I have no idea what I’m doing, but I’m doing it
Well, this works for now… I guess
The ultimate fix that’s only temporary
Oops, I didn’t mean to commit that
Refactored to make it worse
Fixed the bug where the bug didn’t exist
Let’s pretend this never happened
Added some TODOs to make it look like I’m working
I fixed the thing I broke last time
Refactored the mess I just created
This might break everything… but I hope it doesn’t
I just added some random code. No idea what it does.
Unfixed the bug I thought I fixed
Created a new bug, sorry about that
When in doubt, add more logs
Fixed something, broke 10 other things
Threw some code at the wall to see if it sticks
Rewrote everything in hopes that it works
Everything should be fine now… maybe
Let’s try this and see if it breaks
Refactor? More like ‘Refeh! There goes the app.’
Made the code even worse. You're welcome.
One bug down, 50 more to go!
This commit has nothing to do with fixing bugs. Enjoy!
Accidentally deleted the universe
Added a new feature. Don’t ask what it does.
Tested it on my machine, good luck on yours!
Burnt the code down, but it’s running better now
Wrote some code… It works? I think?
I didn’t write the code, it wrote itself
The code runs faster with a little prayer
Fixed a bug that no one noticed
If it works, don’t touch it.
Fixed a thing that probably wasn’t a problem
Wrote some elegant spaghetti
The feature is complete. Don't look too closely.
Accidentally committed the wrong files. Oops.
Let’s try this and see if it works (probably not)
Pushed the wrong branch, now it’s everyone’s problem
Created a bug, fixed the feature
It’s not a bug, it’s an undocumented feature
Code has been blessed by a higher power
Sorry, I was distracted by a cat
Added a bug, fixed a typo
Changed some things. Hopefully better things.
This commit contains zero bugs (for now)
Didn’t break anything, I swear!
Just pray it works
Why does this code work? No one knows.
Made a minor tweak, can’t promise it’ll work
Optimized for bugs
Put in more comments than code